V 0.3.0 allows users to choose between CPU and GPU (#45)
HolyLab/RegisterQD.jl: README.md

RegisterQD performs image registration using the global optimization routine [QuadDIRECT](https://github.com/timholy/QuadDIRECT.jl).
Unlike many other registration packages, this is not "greedy" descent based on an initial guess---it attempts to find the globally-optimal alignment of your images.

> This package allows users to choose to between using CPU and GPU processing by first using either RegisterMismatch (CPU) or RegisterMismatchCuda (GPU), which contain critical overlapping functions that RegisterQD will not function without a version of. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package allows users to choose to between using CPU and GPU processing by executing either `using RegisterMismatch` (CPU) or `using RegisterMismatchCuda` (GPU). One (but not both) of these packages must be loaded for RegisterQD to function. These packages can be easily installed and updated if you use the publicly-available [HolyLabRegistry](https://github.com/HolyLab/HolyLabRegistry).
```
